>> Lucas Ruebbelke: Now that I've set the
stage of let's think about these things.
It's like everything I talked about for
the rest of the day.
Think about how does it help
me improve state management,
control flow or communication,
or help me reduce my code?
Okay?
So
as we go forward, let’s think about that.
So, I have kind of
a bonus mini-module here.
It’s kind of a game changer for me.
We’ve kind of talked about it internally
a few times, as I made some suggestions.
But I just wanna surface this, because
one of the biggest things with managing
state is moving from
this mutable mindset of,
I have this thing I want to change and
I'm going to mutate this object directly.
And instead,
doing it in a mutable fashion of,
I need to make this change,
give me a brand new object or
thing with these changes
already done to it.
And what that does is,
if somebody is watching something,
you're not directly changing it, but
you're actually just returning a new one.
So one, you're not passing around this
reference to point to everything.
But also, when you change let's
say a property on an object,
and you wanna undo it,
well, how do you do that?
Like, that's hard.
How do you undo a single property change?
Or let's say you do five property changes,
and you wanna undo change one, two,
and five.
How do you wrap your mind around like
okay I need to back out five skip four,
three, two and then one.
Like, it just becomes very complicated.
As opposed to if you had
five distinct objects,
then you just start replacing it back.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: In the first three items
where it say management control,
in-flow, and call-walling.
So to manage all of that is there
a specific style-guide we should refer to?
Or you should just keep that in mind and
go from there?
Or are we saying that these are the three
or four application complexity types,
and we should be able to address it
when we are defining the application.
But there is no style guide for
it, there is no clear.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: So I think this is, so
the question is, is there a style guide,
is there this canonical thing, to do it?
And,
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: I don't think there's
a certification that you go get,
I'm certified,
complexity-free, at the same time.
And so
this is a question that we had previously.
And I'm just going to blend
them together real quick.
So Mohammad why don't you just ask
the question we had this morning as we're
talking before class.
Cuz I think this will blend in to exactly
how I want to address that question.
Speak loud and let's hear it.
>> Mohammad: I was just asking as
a new developer looking at
the landscape of languages,
what would you recommend to
focus on as far as Angular,
React and short term and long term?
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: Yup, so
what's interesting is we spent the last
two days talking about Angular.
Now, I'm not actually
talking about Angular at all.
I'm talking about how do
we build good applications.
And so I think it's a blended approach.
So, first and foremost,
I think there's a lot to be said
about the different framers.
Really for me kind of the two big players.
I would say the three big players
is Angular, React, and View.
And I guess I'll say Amber I don't want to
offend anybody if that's the framework you
use and I'm not trying to.
I'm just saying for me personally.
When I think of Frameworks, you know it's
really kind of angular, react and view.
There is opportunities for
everyone of those Frameworks.
And so what I would recommend
to provide maximum value to
a client is become as good as
you can on a single Framework.
So being a really good angler developer,
because there are opportunities
that are abound, when you go in and
you are effective with angular at solving
a problem, you're providing value.
Same way with React.
Some of my friends are amazing
react developers, and they go,
and that's the mechanism which they
provide maximum value to their client.
So first and foremost,
pick something and be very,
very good at it, be the best you can be.
This is street level stuff, like how do I
build real things really, really, well?
At the same time,
the things that make someone a great
Angular developer really are not
Angular specific at all.
Angular, React,
we did not invent programming.
JavaScript did not invent programming.
All of our best ideas that
we're doing right now,
even like Redux is actually
a composite of two design patterns.
What is in observable?
It's a composite of two design patterns
that have been around for years.
So to that end, and for, I would say, if
you want to have a kind of quote unquote,
style guide,
is go read the classic programming books.
For people that have been doing it for
30 years.
So my all time favorite book for
this is Clean Code by Uncle Bob Martin.
And as the whole thing is about Java I'm
reading this as a front end developer.
I'm just like, my God.
If I would have had this five years
ago it would have saved me four years.
And so go and read the classic books,
like Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code.
I would ask you to read
anything from Bob Martin.
Martin Fowler, Enterprise Design Patterns.
And so go and start to become
a student of not a framework,
but is being a craftsman and
a software engineer.
And so what I'm saying this applies
to any application that you're doing.
In fact like my cornerstones of how
I program are not angular specific at
all like self documenting codes
single purpose methods You know,
separation of insurance,
like these different things.
Is you apply that to all of your code.
So this is kinda what
we're talking about here.